README.md, before:

Lorax [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/adrianlee44/lorax.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/adrianlee44/lorax)
===
Lorax is a simple node package to generate changelog by parsing formatted git commits

## Example
Using Lorax git commit log as an example

```
commit 76adc163ab03e7e6faf553f3e9ef86b4ab1e31b7
Author: Adrian Lee <adrianlee44@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 11 02:11:24 2013 -0800

    chore(lorax.json): Switched to use https

commit 997fe15d42e5f59264edc7e8291c97785d5988f0
Author: Adrian Lee <adrianlee44@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 11 02:11:07 2013 -0800

    feature(git): Updated getLog function so read all logs when no tag is provided

commit c1cffd76f985bf267bb1983002ab368129a11735
Author: Adrian Lee <adrianlee44@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 6 09:26:45 2013 -0800

    feature(all): Initial commit
```

Lorax will generate a changelog
```markdown
# v0.1.0 (2013/12/13)
## Features
- **all:** Initial commit
  ([c1cffd76](https://github.com/adrianlee44/lorax/commit/c1cffd76f985bf267bb1983002ab368129a11735))
- **git:** Updated getLog function so read all logs when no tag is provided
  ([997fe15d](https://github.com/adrianlee44/lorax/commit/997fe15d42e5f59264edc7e8291c97785d5988f0))
```

## Installation
```bash
$ npm install -g lorax
```

## Usage

```
Usage: lorax [options] [TAG] [FILE]

Options:

  -h, --help     output usage information
  -V, --version  output the version number
```

To generate the changelog
```bash
$ lorax v0.1.0 changelog.md
```

## Configurations
```js
{
  issue: "/issues/%s",
  commit: "/commit/%s",
  type: ["^fix", "^feature", "^refactor", "BREAKING"],
  display: {
    fix: "Bug Fixes",
    feature: "Features",
    breaking: "Breaking Changes",
    refactor: "Optimizations"
  }
  url: "https://github.com/adrianlee44/lorax"
}
```
### Issue
Partial URL for issues

### Commit
Partial URL for commits

### Type
Type of commit message to parse. Items in this array are joined into a string and used for searching commit messages

**Default** - ^fix|^feature|^refactor|BREAKING

### Display
Display name for each commit message type

### Url
URL of the Github repo

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

chore(README.md): Updated documentation

README.md, after:

Lorax
===
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/adrianlee44/lorax.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/adrianlee44/lorax)

<img align="right" height="200" src="http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-nIhDGmiP2Vc/T1MD0BbiWxI/AAAAAAAABeQ/3DMn5DYC3YY/s1600/lorax1.png">

Lorax is a simple node package to generate changelog by parsing formatted git commits. One of the problems people run into when working with an open-sourced project is having trouble knowing what have been fixed, updated or created. Some people solve this problem by reading through the git log while other might ask on Github issue or Stackoverflow.

Lorax tries to solve this problem by automating the changelog generation process. Lorax will read through all the commits between tags and gerate a beautiful and easy to read markdown changelog.

[View Lorax's changelog as an example](https://github.com/adrianlee44/lorax/blob/master/changelog.md)

## Example
Using Lorax git commit log as an example

```
commit 76adc163ab03e7e6faf553f3e9ef86b4ab1e31b7
Author: Adrian Lee <adrianlee44@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 11 02:11:24 2013 -0800

    chore(lorax.json): Switched to use https

commit 997fe15d42e5f59264edc7e8291c97785d5988f0
Author: Adrian Lee <adrianlee44@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 11 02:11:07 2013 -0800

    feature(git): Updated getLog function so read all logs when no tag is provided

commit c1cffd76f985bf267bb1983002ab368129a11735
Author: Adrian Lee <adrianlee44@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 6 09:26:45 2013 -0800

    feature(all): Initial commit
```

Lorax will generate a changelog
```markdown
# v0.1.0 (2013/12/13)
## Features
- **all:** Initial commit
  ([c1cffd76](https://github.com/adrianlee44/lorax/commit/c1cffd76f985bf267bb1983002ab368129a11735))
- **git:** Updated getLog function so read all logs when no tag is provided
  ([997fe15d](https://github.com/adrianlee44/lorax/commit/997fe15d42e5f59264edc7e8291c97785d5988f0))
```

## Installation
```bash
$ npm install -g lorax
```

## Usage

```
Usage: lorax [options] [TAG] [FILE]

Options:

  -h, --help     output usage information
  -V, --version  output the version number
```

To generate the changelog
```bash
$ lorax v0.1.0 changelog.md
```

## Git commit format
```
type(component): commit message
detailed message

BREAKING CHANGES
- Nothing really

Fixes #123
```

Example
```
feature(lorax): Hello World

Close #321
```

## Configurations
```js
{
  issue: "/issues/%s",
  commit: "/commit/%s",
  type: ["^fix", "^feature", "^refactor", "BREAKING"],
  display: {
    fix: "Bug Fixes",
    feature: "Features",
    breaking: "Breaking Changes",
    refactor: "Optimizations"
  }
  url: "https://github.com/adrianlee44/lorax"
}
```
### Issue
Partial URL for issues

### Commit
Partial URL for commits

### Type
Type of commit message to parse. Items in this array are joined into a string and used for searching commit messages

**Default** - ^fix|^feature|^refactor|BREAKING

### Display
Display name for each commit message type

### Url
URL of the Github repo

## License

MIT License
